# UCR_CS164_SimpleTwitter
My custom project in Computer Networks, Fall 2019

*** Features to make ***
Client Side:
// Nothing is stored locally in the clients since all information is received from the server.
1)	Prompt the user for their username and password. (10 points) Note: The password does not have to be obscured when the user enters it at the prompt and can be sent to the server as cleartext. 

2)	Provide a welcome message that displays the number of new messages generated by the current user’s subscriptions, e.g., “You have 6 unread messages.” (10 points)

3)	Provide a menu that allows the user to select from their valid options. For each option there should be a way for the user to cancel their current option and go back to the menu at any time. (5 points)

4)	Menu option: See Offline Messages (15 points)
a)	If the user selects this option, the client should ask if the user wants to see all messages or if they want to select messages from a particular subscription. If the user picks the latter, then you should provide a list of current subscriptions that the user can choose from. Once the user has made all their choices, the appropriate messages should be displayed. Note: This option is for viewing messages generated while the user was offline only. Once the user logs out, the current list of offline messages should be removed and replaced by any new messages generated while the user is offline.

5)	Menu option: Edit Subscriptions (15 points)
a)	If the user selects this option, they should be given the choice to add a subscription or drop a subscription. If the user wants to add a subscription, prompt the user for the name and display a message indicating whether the name is valid or not. If the user wants to delete a subscription, give them a list of their current subscriptions to choose from.

6)	Menu option: Post a Message (5 points)
a)	Allow the user to post a tweet-like message of 140 characters or less. Allow the user to enter in hashtags but do it by prompting the user separately for the hashtags they want to include, i.e, store the hashtags in a separate field so you do not have to parse a message for the hashtags. Verify the message to make sure it meets the length requirement. If it doesn’t, notify the user and allow them to re-enter a different message (or cancel).

7)	Menu option: Logout (5 points)

8)	Menu option: Hashtag Search (15 points)
a)	A user can search for a hashtag and he will get last 10 tweets containing that hashtag.

9)	While the user is logged on, make sure to display in real time any message sent by any of the user’s subscriptions. (20 points)

10)	(Optional) Menu option: See Followers (5 points)
a)	Display the users following this user.

11)	(Optional) Improve the “Edit Subscriptions” option by allowing the user to subscribe to hashtags in addition to being able to subscribe to users. Note: The client does not have to validate a hashtag subscription. (10 points)

12)	(Optional) Currently, all the tweets are public. As an optional feature, you can add the ability for users to decide whether a tweet should be public (broadcast to all subscribers) or private (sent to only certain specified users). (10 points)

13)	(Optional) Make password entry more secure by hiding the characters typed at the prompt and/or encrypting the packets sent to the server that contain the password. (5 points)

Server Side:
1)	Validate a user login from a list of 3-5 hard-coded user accounts. 

2)	Maintain a list of each user’s subscriptions (the users to whom they subscribe). Allow the client to change their subscriptions as they see fit, but make sure that only subscriptions to valid users are allowed. 

3)	Receive messages and redistribute them to the appropriate subscribers in real time. 

4)	Store a list of messages sent out but not delivered because the subscribers were offline. This is how we know how many new messages a user has when they log in, etc. 

5)	Allow an administrator to type “messagecount” in order to display the number of messages received since the server was activated. (5 points)

6)	(Optional) Allow an administrator to type “usercount” in order to display the current number of users logged in. (5 points)

7)	(Optional) Allow an administrator to type “storedcount” in order to display the number of messages that have been received but not yet delivered because the user is offline. (5 points)

8)	(Optional) Allow an administrator to type “newuser” in order to permanently add a new username and password to the current list of user accounts. (10 points)

9)	(Optional) Add support for subscribing to hashtags.

10)	(Optional) Add support for decrypting any packets sent securely from the client (like the password).
